listen yousef
you want to make a lot of money right?
you want to be able to buy a 30k car in 2 years right?
you want to be able to buy a 200k car in 8 years right?
for now focus on your study
there's a lot of useful information there
but you need to build a big youtube channel and you need to do FAST
freelancing wont give you shit
you need a really big youtube channel 3M subs at least and 1 billion views
what is the hottest topic to teach? cybersec!, backend!
you also need to work for a company as a cybersec analyst or backend developer or some bs
but most importantly cybersec youtube channel!!!!
what programming langs you need? php, python, C, C++, bash, powershell and alot more!
you need to follow the backend and the cybersec roadmaps!! BOTH!!!!!!!
yeah you see where this is going, 12 hours a day for 8 years
yeah buddy you need to give your entire life for that
this is called the cost of greatness
your youtube channel alone wont give you that much money
you need a website as well
but what will be in the website that is not on the youtube channel? that's something to think about
maybe you can make the youtube channel for the basics only (which is already stunning for the viewer as they are not used to high quality content)
then you make the website for the higher level stuff (late roadmap topics)
so learn things like the whole backend roadmap with all it's langs, and the whole cybersec roadmap with every thing in it, and alot of cybersec books

C# books in order (basics
  Pro C# (dig more into the lang)
  C# in depth (dig even more *VERY IMPORTANT*)
  design patterns in C#
  effective C#
  more effective C#
  agile principles
  asp (backend)
  maybe more backend books
)
finish the 3 C# books (pro C#, C# 10 in a nutshell, C# in depth) 4 months
learn data structures, algorithms ? months
code forces is your best friend solve few challanges a day
Read the asp.net core book and maybe some others 2 months
make sure there's nothing left in the backend and the asp.net core roadmaps 
make sure to build as much real projects as you can


- the hidden language of computer hardware and software
- cracking the coding interview
- head first design patterns
- clean code
- the clean coder
